when I first joined the Navy, have a station in Akron, Ohio. It was a
great place. It was my hometown. The second place was Ingleside, Texas.
I was actually on a ship. Uh, it was the weather was nice. And the
ship life was different for me. Um, but it actually added to who
I am today. Um, the other place that I've been was Naval Operational
Support Center, Jacksonville, Florida. A very big city with lots of
things to do. I was stationed at a clinic there in Jacksonville. I
learned a lot, and it was, um, very motivating. The next place was RTC
Great Lakes on Guy was in our D. C there. Um, the job was amazing.
It was very empowering the weather. There was terrible, very cold.
Summers were amazing, but the cold when it was cold, it was very cold.
Um, from there I was in station it, uh, you met the Bureau of Medicine
and Surgery in Falls Church, Virginia. Uh, and I lived in Maryland.
Amazing place on one of the reasons being was, uh I lived in
an area where there were a lot of affluent people and motivating people
and my kids love the area as well. Um, now the president, I am station
in San Jose, California Um, a beautiful, beautiful area. Very
expensive, but a beautiful area. The reserve center. It hasn't a lot
amazing people on day. I'm learning a lot as far as my job goes, but
the area is very expensive.